000
FERRIS SKIPS
COMEDY
A kid skips school by pretending to be sick. He drags his friends along for the ride of their life on a day off in the city, committing minor crimes and avoiding responsibiliy.
a silly movie about wagging school.
something cheerful and mischevious.
a movie about skipping class.
001
SHROK
COMEDY
An unlikely pair, an orge and a talking donkey set off on an epic quest to save a princess.
a movie about an adventure to rescue a princess.
a movie with a talking donkey.
a movie with an ogre in it.
002
BOY & ALIEN
FANTASY
An alien crashlands on Earth and is befriended by a human boy.
a movie about a friendly alien.
a movie about friendship.
a movie about a boy and an alien.
003
PRINCE GROOM
FANTASY
A fairy tale adventure about a handsome young man and his one true love.
a movie about true love.
a fairy tale movie.
a movie about a fairy tale book.
004
GRIMLINZ
FANTASY
Small seemingly innocent creatures hold a secret. Just don't get them wet, or feed them after midnight!
a movie about cute and evil creatures.
the movie where you can't feed them after midnight.
the movie about the creatures you can't get wet.
005
TOO MANY CANDLES
ROMANCE
John Hughes directs another adorable teen film about angst and romance. It has weddings and birthdays.
a movie with romance and candles.
a movie by director John Hughes.
a movie by director John Hughes.
006
LARGE
FANTASY
A wish goes horribly wrong when a twelve year old magically has the body of a thirty year old man.
a movie with magic wishes in it.
a movie about a kid who becomes old.
a movie where a kid makes a wish.
007
KID ALONE
COMEDY
A misbehaving child gets completely forgotten by his parents as they go on a holiday. People try to rob his house and he uses his witts to defend his home and himself.
a movie about a kid by himself.
a silly movie where a kid defends his house from robbers.
a movie about terrible parents and a weird kid.
008
REKALL
SCIENCE-FICTION
A guy in the year 2084 dreams about visiting mars by having false memories implanted, however something goes wrong and he isn't sure what's real or not anymore.
a movie about colonies on mars.
a movie where a guy goes on holiday by getting fake memories.
a movie about the sad reality of living on mars.
009
BOYS GO NUTS
DRAMA
A group of young boys get stranded on a desserted island and go a bit nuts without supervision.
a movie about getting stranded on an island.
a movie about unsupervised boys.
a movie where kids get out of control unsupervised.
010
WHOOPS
FANTASY
A movie about ambitious scientists that cloned dinosaurs for an amusement park. However, all goes astray when the dinosaurs get loose and start eating the guests.
a movie about dinosaurs.
a movie about cloning dinosaurs
a movie where people get eaten by dinosaurs.
011
BINARY
FANTASY
When a man questions his reality, he can manipulate it and becomes an action hero. Will he be able to free humanity from their slavery and false reality?
an action movie about humanity being trapped.
a movie where a regular dude questions reality and becomes an action hero.
a movie about the slavery of humandkind to a false reality.
012
RETAIL SUCKS
INDIE
When a guy who works has to cover an extra shift, his bitterness isn't the only thing that's off the rails. Hockey, funerals, selling ciggerates to kids, it went downhill fast.
a movie about how much retail workers hate their jobs.
a movie where a guy gets bitter about retail.
a movie about a bitter guy I can relate to.